---
title: Good Boy
date: 2022-10-20 10:49 -0800
---

I was flush with good boy points from a recent contract with mama so I
decided to treat myself. Mama said if I do well with a practice gf I
could even get a real girl sometime!

Chrome display cryocases of black hoodied models lined the room.

At the depot running the counter was a lateshit twinkhon sales model
in a black suit. I estimated about two more years of viable use. One
more year if used roughly.

<q>We have a wide variety of models available dear</q>

<q>I don't care. I want a youngshit <abbr>BDD</abbr> passoid boymoder!</q>

<q>Quite the popular option lately but have you considered other
models?  The lateshit gigahon roastie has quite a dedicated
following.</q>

<q>I want a smol <abbr>PP</abbr> girl boymoder not a toastie roastie!</q>

<q>Not every <abbr>BDD</abbr> passoid is a youngshit you know? We have
quite a few luckshit twinkhon futchboys waiting for a good home. How
many good boy points do you even have dear? You're looking for quite
the expensive option you know?</q>

I leaned my big boned man padding over the counter.

<q>I want a <abbr>BDD</abbr> boymoder passoid small <abbr>PP</abbr>
girl</q> I said through gritted teeth.

Omae was getting unwise.

I pulled out a bag of McDonald's takeout from my voluminous
trenchcoat. All around the room models in their cryocases turned their
heads to look.

<q>Oh honey, you're a big boy! You wouldn't dare cause an incident would
you?</q>

<q>You try me and these chicken nuggies show just how much of a big boy
I am</q>
