---
title: Dentist
date: 2022-11-26 14:13 -0800
tags:
- Rotations
- Coffee
- Dentist
- Dating
---

I rotate up to a 45° angle.  Head on the ground legs in the air.

It is a cool dark evening and I am safe and sheltered in my warm
winter coat.  I am in the park near the highway.  I hear the traffic
rumble in the distance.  Nearby a crow pecks at a stick and hops
around cawwing.

Rotations done for the day I head home.

***

It is sometime after bedtime and I am awake under warm heavy weighted
blankets.

A coppery taste comes up from my throat.  I ponder taking a vegetable
peeler to my flesh.  My legs bend back at the hips at a 90° angle.  I
am a worm.  I pull at my face nuzzling my cheeks against my hands my
soft squishy flesh comforting in sensory feeling.  Between my false
ribs throbs a dull ache.

***

I wake up at 1:00&nbsp;<abbr>AM</abbr> with my cock twitching and my
nipples aching.  I masturbate to fantasies of being tied up, forced
femmed, put in latex and groped and raped.

This morning I feel like the dried crust at the bottom of an unwashed
coffee cup.  I reach over to my phone on my the desk beside my bed to
look for some of my favorite porn.  It is 10:09&nbsp;<abbr>AM</abbr>
and I have a dentist appointment soon.

<q>Ah fuck!</q>

I struggle out of my floral jam jams and into a pair of deep blue
jeans.  I pull on a long sleeved red shirt and pick up my morning meds
and rush out the bedroom to the door.  On the way hurrying to the bus
stop I phone the dentist.

***

On the way to the coffee shop it seems as if those around me are
puppets moving all stiff and herky-jerky.  The yellow crane in a
nearby building under construction becomes a little toy.  Toy cars and
toy houses and toy people.

I take a shit in the coffee shop after talking to a cute girl.
