---
title: Mammon
date: 2022-10-27 18:35 -0800
tags:
- '2019'
- Hexameter
- The Ring and the Cup
- Time
characters:
- Two
- Mammon
---
{% poem %}
Two found the castle&thinsp;---&thinsp;and petitioned the dragon at
his court&thinsp;---&thinsp;where the beast crouched atop his horde of gold 
{% endpoem %}

{% poem %}
Lord Mammon&thinsp;---&thinsp;by right of property and on appeal to your convictions?
Might you gift the ring I should inherit?

I know justice. I know mercy
These are the gods that men pray to in my presence!

And there is none, none that not fade away&thinsp;---&thinsp;Yes!
All men all&thinsp;---&thinsp;decay and die, the dragon's horde

Being just&thinsp;---&thinsp;This earthly dust, the dross of man
This golden horde, the skulls of dead

What's earthly wealth in Hell&thinsp;---&thinsp;is your head!
What should I care for mortal men and mercy?

But I always hunger more… A trade is due.

You ought to lose a heart to make a body whole
Take the ring and lose your heart
Keep your heart and lose your soul

So take this ring then&thinsp;---&thinsp;this too shall pass
Always will mortal's ring&thinsp;---&thinsp;slip away to me

By my father time, a weapon to surpass
All tanks and bombs and fears&thinsp;---&thinsp;all these years

My horde is greater still than any mortal kings
For time makes all men afraid of golden rings!

And with a loud roaring of wind, our hero twisted
And tumbled across the harsh desert sands

Blown about and about and about and about
Singing and sighing and laughing and crying
{% endpoem %}
