---
title: If she breathes she's a thot OR I was a teenage incel force femmed by a vampire: part 2
date: 2022-10-23 18:32 -0700
tags: if-she-breathes
---

Contrary to my intent Must was delighted I engaged in meditation and
even complimented my Mala bead bracelet and necklace.  In her words
"They make for a pretty bitch."

***

Another punishment of Must's was an illusion. Moles expanding, decay
creeping across the skin.

***

...

***

...

***

Thoughts of self harm flooded me: to bang my head aginst the ground
again and again until it exploded like a grapefruit hit with a hammer.


***

The second demand of Must was a change in the consumption of my
internet content.  Despite the insinuations by some otherwise I had
never been particularly interested in men.  To my eyes the average
male porn star had always seemed rather orcish, fat and ugly in
appearance.  So I was not discomfited at all in Must's demand I browse
lesbian pornography.  However, I objected to the other sort of content
Must made me peruse.

Must's preferred punishment over this period of time became a sort of
intrusive thought: a psychic repetition of Must's demands throughout
the day at the worst moments and times. The more I tried to ignore
Must's assertions the more demands and unbiddened images came to mind.

So I developed a regular cycle of habits. I masturbated to the most
deplorable type of content late at night over the weekend and over the
work week suffered through a barrage of laviscious images and phrases.

I do not need to spell the content out to you do I?

...

***

The other way I coped with the pain was to distract myself in the dry
and logical. A small reprieve in the world of
`refine (match A with | fn a B => _ end).` did a world of good.


***

Must's control over my internet usage further tightened and she urged
me to no longer see political online forums like I used to browse.  In
her words "I was her bitch alone."  The punishment for disobeying here
being I fell into a spiral of self-loathing and negativity. Weeks
where I browsed my usual content sparked in me a curious rage.  I fell
further into isolation from my friend group as I lashed out at them
with sarcastic jibes.

I think it may have been a few months later Must started ordering me
to buy clothing.

***

Though I was an entirely typical man I had no particular aversion to
crossdressing. As a matter of fact I had no real interest in clothing
at all and saw the matter mostly as shelter from the cold.  However, I
did find the prospect of buying clothing to set me off in nervous
agitation and trepidation.

More than once I recall I made it to a clothing store and then having
spent the last hour in transit to the location I suddenly turned
around and walked back home.

***

I did not have the strength to kill myself so I concocted a plan to
achieve the next best thing.  I would find a homeless man, kill him
and then turn myself in.

...

***

...

***

As she had explained identity was a matter of perspective. I had
walked to where she was and she had walked to where I was. So I was
her and she was me now. And so we departed ways.
