---
title: If she breathes she's a thot OR I was a teenage incel force femmed by a vampire
date: 2022-10-19 18:32 -0700
---

Like a pug in an oxygen mask I lied down on the carpet by the air
purifier and shitposted away on the internet. My Saint Sebastian
ex-gay thread had sparked on 80 page debate on the political forum I
frequented and I had to see the madness through.

Besides some social justice warrior had got bent into a rant.

"You have no power here" I replied And then again "I'm already dead
anyway pretty much"

She replied "ok".

I checked back every hour or so but she seemed to have stopped
replying even to my colorful image suggesting she was transgender.

So I returned to the routine.

Afraid I might grind my fingers in the coffee grinder I opened the
drawer it was kept in and checked it was safely unplugged and stored
away.

I stared up at the popcorn ceiling breathless and watched little
technicolor squiggles swirl around until I fell asleep.

***

It began slowly

The first night when I was wanking away at 12 PM imagining my ass
being penetrated I heard a loud buzzing sound like wasps. I put it
down to nerves.

Steadily the phenomenon added up. A loud hum at the midnight
hours. When I meditated before bed a sound like bells. When I look out
one eye a hue of colors different from the other.

On Thursday, during my morning commute to the library where I did
nothing in particular I was met with the sudden urge to fling myself
off a highway overpass into the traffic below. It was as if some worm
wrapped around my brain had contracted and struck me with itching pain
and a feeling of doom. I changed my commute to avoid overpasses and
bridges.

***

She sent me a message during the night.

Her name was Must.

She said she had planned to kill me but upon seeing how pathetic I was
decided to spare me and make my life a living hell instead.

She explained I was her thrall now and that hell was both a physical
place and a state of mind. Identity was a matter of perspective. If
she could walk to me she would be me and if I could walk to her I
would be her.

***

During the day I was exhausted unable to breathe or rest. Some outside
force had bent the day against me. As if somehow by some illusion
stripped away the people around me had transformed into puppeted
corpses.

During the night I was compelled to roam by a manic energy. I felt
steel needles driven into my chest when I was trying to sleep and cool
relief when I walked the night. It is oddly calming during the
midnight hours when there is no traffic or human face to fear.

***

The first task Must demanded of me was to hide the vanity of my flesh.

If I was good the pain would lessen although never go away
entirely. If I was bad the pain would increase.

One of the numerous punishments Must meted out to me was a sudden
stabbing pain in a mole on my scrotum.

By this sudden intrusion into my life I was made to rush to the
bathroom to check if my junk was alright or at urgent times to fondle
myself in public. Fear of this public humiliation alienated myself
further and I no longer attended events hosted by my friends.

I soon remained covered up at all times in long baggy sweaters and
pants.

***

...

***

As she had explained identity was a matter of perspective. I had
walked to where she was and she had walked to where I was. So I was
her and she was me now. And so we departed ways.
